I'd just like to share some insights that I've been having. It seems like every day, for almost two years now, I've thought deeply about every day. And every day, I somehow always end up in the same place, feeling so responsible for all the horrible things that have happened to my wife and all the ways in which she feels not heard and disrespected. The enormity of it all has never been missed upon me. The thing that I don't feel anybody knows is that I understand this. One insight I had just today was the idea or awareness that I know earlier in my previous years when I got into deep spaces of depression, and I would withdraw and not communicate, essentially from a place of "I didn't want to bother anybody," but it comes out of my pores, you know, I don't know, my energy comes out of my pores, anyway, point being, I found myself, in those moments, resorting to behaviors and patterns that I learned as a kid, I was behaving like a little kid, I was shutting up, I was to be seen and not heard, I was trying to hide and not be noticed, but at the same time, I just wanted to talk about feeling forgotten, feeling not worth anything, because if you keep forgetting about me, who am I? I just didn't know how to express myself, and I regret that deeply. I had the inability to, one, calm myself down to a level where I could even speak English. The hysterics get me a lot of times, and I get full of mucus and snot, and the hysteria sets in and everything goes down my toilet after that. My point being is that, from that awareness about the behavior as a child and the behaviors and things I do, perfect example is somebody starts speaking, and I just jump right in over the top of them, and that is a defense mechanism, when I feel threatened, that's what that is, and in the past when I did that, that was subconscious behavior, that was something I was completely just not even aware of, I didn't even know I was doing it. Number one, I didn't know I was interrupting, number two, I didn't know the level of energy I was bringing and how that would be perceived, and so on and so forth. The other thing that is impossible to communicate, honestly, unless you were to hang out with me and spend time with me, is that I don't have that nervous vibe anymore, I'm not freaking out about things like I used to, I mean, dealing with my life right now is extremely heavy, and the events and what's going on trigger a lot of my depression, it's here, it's hanging out with me, I won't lie about that, in fact I'm just not going to hide anything anymore, I'll ask questions, I'll tell you the truth, always, I'll always tell the truth. I was in a dark place and had a global pandemic and I'm not making any excuses for anything but where I found myself with self-medication at that time, I reflect back now and don't know what the hell I was thinking, part of it was the depression lying to me telling me that I'm not worth it, that I'm not worth going to the doctor and getting professional care, that I should just wallow in my pain and suffering, and the self-medication was just, you know, to numb you out so you didn't feel, I mean you just didn't feel like Charlie Brown 24/7, just like melancholy, you know, anyhow, I'm getting eaten alive by mosquitoes and I'm allergic to them so I'm going to cut this off now, I'm a different person, the thing is nobody will listen, everybody looks at me with the same eyes and it's really sad. I get emotional only because I know how hard I've worked to get where I am right now and believe it or not I'm really happy with myself and honestly proud of myself. I regained my composure in a moment that was not something I used to be able to do, that was pretty triggering, anyway, I just want to wrap up and say that I wish, I wish I could be with my family, I wish I could be close so they could, so they could meet me again, honestly, that's all I want, I just want to meet again, okay, I think that's it, I can see twinkling light on the other side of the valley, just below the ridge line, I just saw one, so that means it's time to say goodnight, okay, peace out, boy scout.

[[TRANSCRIBE_FOOTER_START]]
Word count: 799
Transcribed locally with whisper.cpp (Metal). More info: https://github.com/berchman/macos-whisper-metal
[[TRANSCRIBE_FOOTER_END]]
