Hello. Thank you for the happy birthday greeting. I just got done with dinner here at Aunt Pat's and my cousin Tricia came over and her husband Don and we had a really chill dinner. It was very nice and had an amazing soup before the dinner and amazing dessert and amazing ice cream. Anyway, now I feel really super full and it's like nine o'clock so I'm just gonna chill and watch some either alien or ghost YouTube channels that I like. There's a couple guys from England that I think you would like them. They go into old busted up buildings and they find weird shit. Anyway, I'll stop rambling on. The reason I sent you a video is because I want to congratulate you on the driver's test. The question I have for you is this the written one or is this getting in the car and having somebody sit next to you with the clipboard and telling you to take a left and park here and do this. So I just wonder what test you passed. Regardless, I'm happy that you passed your test because it's one more thing done, like done, and if it is the road test I'm super excited for you because then you know you you you aren't stuck on campus. You can jump in the car and go to Ventura. You could go to GameStop in Ventura or go to the mall or go to the beach or whatever. Yeah you don't have to sit around. I'm stoked. Okay I'll wrap it up just under two minutes. That's because you and you and Dara dumped me at my coach talks. Okay I'll leave it there. I hope you're well. I miss you guys a lot and yeah I'll keep you posted. I may be starting a new medical treatment for my depression in the next couple weeks and it could be it could be potentially life-changing for me. Like I won't have to break well yeah I mean I won't have I don't know if I will have depression anymore. I guess the results are different for different people. Some people depression goes away and never comes back. Other people like comes back and they need a little like they have a nose spray that people use it's like allergy when you have allergy and spray up your nose. Anyway leave it there. Three minutes now. Okay have a good night. All of you buddy thanks for sending me the note. Until Aidan I say hello. I text him all the time and I think about him a lot and just curious what he's up to. Oh and let me know who you're pulling for in the playoffs. NBA playoffs. I think you're a clip-joint guy but hey dude I'm like 20 minutes from Denver. It's way closer than Ohio to LA. I'm way closer to Denver. Be super cool to get playoff tickets and go see the Joker. Okay. Bye.

[[TRANSCRIBE_FOOTER_START]]
Word count: 502
Transcribed locally with whisper.cpp (Metal). More info: https://github.com/berchman/macos-whisper-metal
[[TRANSCRIBE_FOOTER_END]]
