I am a man between two trees. It's time again for a man between two trees. Once again, once again, ladies and gentlemen, it's that time. What's cool is I can record like this, just clip it on, and there we go. The little green thing will be caught up in the air, whatever. Here's a freeform riff on my birthday. As that Basement Jacks song says so well, "Where's your head at? Where's your head at?" I'll put the link below. I got a song for literally every angle of life. Today's it, motherfucker. It's graduation day. It's graduation day from the old Burt, all the old shit, all the old stories, all the old framing of things, always not let me calm myself down. I have to be very clear with my words. Not always, but referencing the past in a negative way that actually continues to perpetuate negative frequency in my life, and the timer's going off because this means I should stop video at this point. Should I let go? Sounds like I'm sitting in the yard playing music for myself. Oh, here it goes, it repeating. I should probably go up there. There are more to say. I'll say more in a little bit. I can say this, that I do feel that for people that have gone through a long period of trauma, CPTSD, all kinds of nasty stuff, and you know what, no doctor, no therapist, no special magic person is going to show up and tap you on the shoulder and look you in the eye and say, "You're done. It's all over." I believe it's incumbent upon oneself when you feel as though the inside of you is ready, but the outside world isn't yet. That's when you declare you're done with the old shit. And I believe that by declaring that, you put frequency out into the universe. You need to speak these things literally out loud so that your voice creates sound waves. And that the idea that a butterfly on one side of the world creates a typhoon on the other side. So little things have a big impact. And I know this from COVID times. Every single day, I was in the deepest of my depression. And my mind consistently was focused on negativity, the bad things. I was constantly thinking about the things I did not want to come true. And ultimately, those were the things ... Come on, sucker. Thank you, motherfucker. . Wait, you're telling me we weren't recording?
