"Interesting question showed up this morning. What does it feel like to imagine the person you truly want to become?" "It feels like I'm taking whatever I imagine and putting it out somewhere into the future, like someday. That day that never comes. And to feel what it is to imagine something I truly want to become is a bit of a conundrum, at least the way I'm breaking it down when I'm thinking about this slowly. Because I can just knee-jerk reaction this question, you know, and say, "What does it feel like to imagine the person you truly want to become?" "Oh, I feel a bit excited, a bit fearful, like fear, excitement, and blah, blah, blah." You know, it's all very, I don't know, it's of the moment. It's not really reflection in a way. And for some reason, this question just made me, I don't know if it's tap the brakes or just totally come to a stop and go, "Okay, we're going to read this one word at a time. What does it feel like?" So we're asking, "What's this feeling?" And feeling is a body thing, not a thinking thing. So right there, that kind of throws me off. Because I have for 90, greater than 98% of the 56 years I've lived has been spent in my head, very little time spent in my heart or in my body, more somatic in nature. So when the question leads with, "What does it feel like?" My knee-jerk is to think of a feeling. When I'm slowing down, I'm suddenly searching my body for a feeling. So what does it feel like to imagine, "Okay, so now you're asking me to use my head. So what does it feel like in my body?" Not what does it feel like when I think about this, what feeling comes to inside my head when I imagine the person I truly want to become. So the question is basically saying you are not that person right now when you stop and think about it. Because if you're imagining the person you truly want to become, right now you are not that person, at least the way this question reads. So in some sense, what this question is doing is asking you to imagine what it feels like to be something you're not right now in this moment. What does it feel like to imagine the person you truly want to become? Because in this moment, you are not that person. I forgot to finish the question. So yeah, it's kind of a weird breakdown of this, but when I go through it the way that I'm breaking it down and I'm going to do it backwards, right? So instead of what does it feel, what does it feel like, I'm going to start with the person you truly want to become. I would submit that I am not becoming. I submit that I am in a continual state of being, of existing, because I can only be in this moment. Any other place is time travel. Think of the future, imagine the future, you are time traveling to the future. Your brain isn't here in this moment, right now, your brain is in the future, thinking about something that hasn't happened yet, which in most cases is people freaking out and having fear about something, imagining something that hasn't even happened yet. The old Burt would say, you know what, we need to think about all the 75 million possible bad things that can happen just so we're ready. That's old Burt. You know, I'm just being in the moment and whatever shows up, shows up. And I go forward in that moment with what I know, where I am, and what resources I have at my disposal and what level of agency I have over myself. So what does it feel like to imagine the person you truly want to become? I submit that I am that person and I am always in the becoming because time is moving forward and now moves forward linearly through time. So if I am a sentient being who is conscious, I am being brought through time in a line and I cannot escape that until I cease to exist in this form as Burt, then I don't know what happens. You can go online and read all kinds of shit about people who have had the near death experiences and there's a lot of similarity among the stories just like the, you know, alien abductee people. Yeah. It's just a lot of weird shit. And what was cool was before the internet, you didn't know about most of this shit. It was basically out of sight, out of mind, or better yet, let's go Donnie Rumsfeld and say it was things I didn't know that I didn't know. It's just like not even in your head or in your imagination. So when I imagine who I am being in this moment in preparation for the next moment, I am now in this moment feeling okay. I'm not feeling poor or fair or moderate. I'm feeling okay, which metaphorically means my head is above the water, but my arms and legs are underneath the water treading calmly, right? But I'm working to keep my head above the water. So I'm in that process of just, yeah, basically just treading water until I get a leg up to get out of the water and start plugging back into the world. So in my breakdown of this question, what would be powerful is if in this continual moment of being, I were able to take my faculties, my energy, my frequency, and pour it into projects that help people in some way, connect to others, connect to themselves, connect to their family, connect to the world, it gets them out of their head, gets them out of their bubble, gets them out from under the bridge, gets them out of their basement, gets them out of the attic, actually gets them out and interacting with another human being. I was ready to call this whole thing quits more than once in the past three years. And I stuck it out. And always being in this moment, there are times I have no idea where I will be on this timeline, you know, a day, 10 days, a year from now, because I can only be in this moment. But the things I do in this moment determine where I show up on that timeline. The timeline's gonna happen, I'm moving through it, you're moving through it, we're all moving through it. But where you end up and how you end up there is all based on the now. What are you doing right now with your resources, your agency, your energy, your frequency, and your abilities, I guess that's the more important question to be asking is what does it feel like to think about all those things in this moment? Does it cause dread? Does it make you feel possibility, opportunity? Does it feel overwhelmed? Does it make you shake inside? Does it make you want to run and hide? I guess that's me flipping the question back on itself after doing all this jabbering. I think I'll end it there for now. I got a lot of shit to do, I need to make some money. Okay, peace out, be well.

[[TRANSCRIBE_FOOTER_START]]
Word count: 1252
Transcribed locally with whisper.cpp (Metal). More info: https://github.com/berchman/macos-whisper-metal
[[TRANSCRIBE_FOOTER_END]]
