Answers to your questions in my own words tell me about yourself. My name is Burt Mahoney. I am a human being. I have a background in computers and fine art. And I have been working in the technology design and human computer interaction space for 30 years. I have always been on the front bleeding edge of what is happening in technology for over 30 years. I worked professionally through the beginning of the internet web 1.0. This is prior to 1998, before CSS came out and was included in browsers. So I've been in the game a long time, and I can tell you the AI revolution happening right now is very much like the old days of the internet, except it seems even faster than that was which is mind blowing. Thank goodness we have modern social media to help spread the word and keep things up to date. So, I'm into music, I've been listening my whole life. I like to play darts. I'm a big fan of English Premier League, and I am trying to rebuild my life. What kind of work do you do best, I do best solving technology problems for people. So if you have software or you have some kind of process that involves technology and you want to make it faster, more automated more whatever, I'm your guy. So, I do a lot of research, investigation, a lot of q amp a with people to really understand what is the core of their problems. So I'm quite thorough in discovering and identifying the right problem to solve. And that's why I believe people should hire me because I'm very, very good at this, and I have an ability to translate complex technology and concepts and strategies into layman's terms, or if I discover what the person I'm speaking to is fluent in, let's say they're a tennis player into real estate, or they're a construction worker. I'll immediately use analogy and metaphor inside their domain of expertise and parallel that to the technology so their understanding becomes instantaneous. And they get quite enlightened so people learn a lot when they work with me. And what makes my background different is that I have been doing this work longer than people that are alive, doing this work professionally right now. I would say that someone with my level of experience and skill and design chops, I, I do have design chops in eight different design disciplines across 30 business sectors. So, I know how to design things. Print, web, email, direct marketing, annual reports, you name it. So, my background is that I'm a generalist with hands on experience across the board, and I'm a specialist in that. I'm a specialist in software, and my expertise is communicating with people to discover the true problems to solve, and being a translator between them.

[[TRANSCRIBE_FOOTER_START]]
Word count: 483
Transcribed locally with whisper.cpp (Metal). More info: https://github.com/berchman/macos-whisper-metal
[[TRANSCRIBE_FOOTER_END]]
